README.md, before:

# IcoSweepNet using CrownConv
[![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2007.06891-b31b1b.svg)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.06891)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/matsuren/crownconv360depth)
![YouTube Video Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/views/_vVD-zDMvyM)

PyTorch implementation of our IROS 2020 paper 
[360° Depth Estimation from Multiple Fisheye Images with Origami Crown Representation of Icosahedron](#). 
The preprint is available in [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.06891).

[![iros_video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/_vVD-zDMvyM/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/_vVD-zDMvyM)


## Publication
Ren Komatsu, Hiromitsu Fujii, Yusuke Tamura, Atsushi Yamashita and Hajime Asama, "360° Depth Estimation from Multiple Fisheye Images with Origami Crown Representation of Icosahedron", Proceedings of the 2020 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS2020), 2020.

## Installation
We recommend you to use `conda` to install dependency packages.
First, run the following command to create virtual environment with dependency packages.
```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml
# enter virtual env
conda activate crownconv
```

Next, install PyTorch based on your cuda version. If you are using CUDA 9.2, run the following command:
```bash
conda install pytorch torchvision cudatoolkit=9.2 -c pytorch
```

Also, you need additional library to undistort fisheye images, which is installed by running the following command: 
```bash
pip install git+git://github.com/matsuren/ocamcalib_undistort.git
```

## Dataset
Please download datasets from [Omnidirectional Stereo Dataset](http://cvlab.hanyang.ac.kr/project/omnistereo/).
We use `OmniThings` for training and `OmniHouse` for evaluation.

:exclamation:Attention:exclamation:  
For some reasons, some filenames are inconsistent in `OmniThings`.
For instance, the first image is named `00001.png` in `cam1`, but, it is named `0001.png` for `cam2`, `cam3`, and `cam4`. So please rename `0001.png`, `0002.png`, and `0003.png` so that they have five-digit numbers.


## Training
```bash
python train.py $DATASETS/omnithings 
```
_Type `python train.py -h` to display other available options._

## Evaluation

One of the pretrained models is available [here](https://1drv.ms/u/s!Ao6oo2sMuht4tyrqjJbchskcqM-r?e=9TbnH5).

```bash
python evaluation.py $DATASETS/omnihouse checkpoints/checkpoints_{i}.pth --save_depth
```
_Type `python train.py -h` to display other available options._

The more detailed information is coming soon!

Commit message:

Add script to visualize the estimated depth as equirectangular shape

README.md, after:

# IcoSweepNet using CrownConv
[![arXiv](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2007.06891-b31b1b.svg)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.06891)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/matsuren/crownconv360depth)
![YouTube Video Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/views/_vVD-zDMvyM)

PyTorch implementation of our IROS 2020 paper 
[360° Depth Estimation from Multiple Fisheye Images with Origami Crown Representation of Icosahedron](#). 
The preprint is available in [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.06891).

[![iros_video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/_vVD-zDMvyM/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/_vVD-zDMvyM)


## Publication
Ren Komatsu, Hiromitsu Fujii, Yusuke Tamura, Atsushi Yamashita and Hajime Asama, "360° Depth Estimation from Multiple Fisheye Images with Origami Crown Representation of Icosahedron", Proceedings of the 2020 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS2020), 2020.

## Installation
We recommend you to use `conda` to install dependency packages.
First, run the following command to create virtual environment with dependency packages.
```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml
# enter virtual env
conda activate crownconv
```

Next, install PyTorch based on your cuda version. If you are using CUDA 9.2, run the following command:
```bash
conda install pytorch torchvision cudatoolkit=9.2 -c pytorch
```

Also, you need additional library to undistort fisheye images, which is installed by running the following command: 
```bash
pip install git+git://github.com/matsuren/ocamcalib_undistort.git
```

## Dataset
Please download datasets from [Omnidirectional Stereo Dataset](http://cvlab.hanyang.ac.kr/project/omnistereo/).
We use `OmniThings` for training and `OmniHouse` for evaluation.

:exclamation:Attention:exclamation:  
For some reasons, some filenames are inconsistent in `OmniThings`.
For instance, the first image is named `00001.png` in `cam1`, but, it is named `0001.png` for `cam2`, `cam3`, and `cam4`. So please rename `0001.png`, `0002.png`, and `0003.png` so that they have five-digit numbers.


## Training
```bash
python train.py $DATASETS/omnithings 
```
_Type `python train.py -h` to display other available options._

## Evaluation

One of the pretrained models is available [here](https://1drv.ms/u/s!Ao6oo2sMuht4tyrqjJbchskcqM-r?e=9TbnH5).

```bash
python evaluation.py $DATASETS/omnihouse checkpoints/checkpoints_{i}.pth --save_depth
```
_Type `python train.py -h` to display other available options._

## Depth visualization

The depth is estimated on icosahedron. So, you can't see the results as depth map.
The easiest thing to visualize is to convert the depths on icosaehdron into equirectangular images, 
which can be done by executing the following command.

```bash
python visualize_depth.py DEPTH_FILE(.npy)
```
